feat(otelcol/exp/prom): add support for resource_to_telemetry_conversion (#5807)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated windows exporter to use prometheus-community/windows_exporter commit 1836cd1. (@mattdurham)

> - Added support to convert resource attributes to Prometheus-compatible datapoint attributes in `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`. (@hainenber)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to convert resource attributes to Prometheus labels in `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`. (@hainenber)
```
I think "attribute" and "datapoint" are OTel terms, so probably it's good enough just to say its a Prometheus label.
